how good yesterday we had a news
incredible that the jailbreak of is to
point to leave for ios 6.1 but that's not
is the news of today I have them
news related to videogames
consoles and so on not the important one
today that's why I have to do this
very fast video recorded on the computer and
everything and talking like fucking is drugged
the point is that the beta has already been released
or whatever you want to call crisis 3
is available for xbox playstation and
pc obviously do not have to do
playstation plus net to download it I think
that do have to be xbox live gold or
whatever you call it to download it in the xbox and
on the pc, it's also free but
obviously your pc has to be a PC
that supports a game like crysis what
it's a very heavy game in graphics in
order this nothing else I wanted to give you that
news because I get very excited right now
they told me that if this one if it goes
that already came out sorry is that I have to
do this without cuts and all that and good
I put it down then then right now
I already have 21%, I think it's going to end
to download
very fast but it weighs 1.4 you get 1.5
you arrive then you know you are
internet is good no more or less how much
they will take me will take less than
half an hour now, but this is down
then if you want to play with me in the
playstation I'll be fucking you
all day until the end of the
beta I think it's over in two weeks
something like this from today that is 29 of
January this then go down what
add the playstation
I'm a long 118 gave it to him with the
description and good because nothing else wanted
give them that news I do not take advantage fast
to talk about two other things very
fast I'm using a new good not a
microphone if the change is made a lot
this one I'm friends like something short
but then turn up the volume and achieve
Now I want you to tell me how you hear
all that because I do not even know
ok but I want you to tell me how I am
the volume the quality and so on
The second thing is that with respect to
play station now that I had updated
that update the store made for
to be able to download the game they are going to have to
do the same
and update the store and the store had
a change of look completely not a
changing look functionality all that
and well then based on that I in my
personal opinion is that if there is going to be a
play station 4 you have to see the
store with precision 4 good to my only
and unique
idea of ​​why to say that it has to do
something is because when it is not that
store that store that here just
put right now or whatever you call it is a
store that seems very futuristic to me
very very very I do not know I do not know just
see it and you will see what I
I mean more or less the point is that this
store looks like that very different from the
outdated not digital
as they tell you the point is that I think
that the store is designed for
playstation 4 then that's why I think
very likely that the playstation 4 yes
come out in this one because it's supposed to be
rumored that will come out as in Christmas
of this year that is within about 11
months something like that then nothing else
I wanted to give you that opinion of this one
of the playstation as it is called
playstation 4 as they will call it
orbis I think it's called right now
Well, I just wanted to give you those
those news run to really lower it
I highly recommend this game if you never
they have played it really play it for
please once I ask you, I repeat, no
compare it with several three or banfield
four with what they want to compare or
with call of duty is a game
completely different from those two this
just play it and see it as if
they were game completely apart
if you have not played it if you have already played
simply because this because you know that
it's price is then now yes that's
everything either the 911 a locker and here I
dismissal sorry for speaking like drugged and
stutter a lot for talking so fast
but here you will see us